Update changelog entry for `0.6.0-beta.2` (#1540)
Azure/azure-dev: cli/azd/CHANGELOG.md

## 0.6.0-beta.2 (Unreleased)

### Bugs Fixed

> - [[#1527]](https://github.com/Azure/azure-dev/pull/1527) Fix running specific `--output json` commands causing stack overflow errors to occur.

Author: ```suggestion
- [[#1527]](https://github.com/Azure/azure-dev/pull/1527) Fix running specific commands with `--output json`  causing stack overflow errors to occur.
```

> - [[#1534]](https://github.com/Azure/azure-dev/pull/1534) Fix `-e <environment name>` flags or `AZURE_ENV_NAME` not being respected, which causes prompting to occur (and failing if `--no-prompt` is specified) when running in CI environments.

Author: ```suggestion
- [[#1534]](https://github.com/Azure/azure-dev/pull/1534) Fix running commands with `-e <environment name>` flags or `AZURE_ENV_NAME` not being respected. When running in CI environments, this caused prompting to occur, and failing if `--no-prompt` is specified.
```
